---
layout: default
title: "Code of Conduct"
origin: "conduct"
image: "/assets/img/rules-large.png"

redirect_from:
    - "/rules/"
    - "rules.html"
permalink: "/code-of-conduct/"
---

# Code of Conduct

## TL;DR Version

*Short summary of the group rules.*

* Post in English only.
* Be professional. Aim for good quality in questions and discussions. For
  sharing code use [nopaste service](/nopaste).
* Publish only PHP and web-centric development related topics.
* Don't share personal data.
* Be nice and respectful to others.

## The Full Version

### Preamble

This document defines the Code of Conduct (from now on called: CoC) of the
international PHP Facebook Group (from now on called: the group) and its
environments. You **accept** the given rules of this CoC **when joining** our
group **or participating** on our repositories. You **must** follow this CoC,
**any violation** results in the temporary or permanent removal of your
membership(/s). This CoC counts for everyone, administrators and regular
members. The content of this CoC is not open for discussion.

The following rules are **mandatory** to participate in group and all
repositories:

### Content Localization

Anything published on the timeline of the group must be in **English**. Members
of the group are located all over the world. The language of the group has been
standardized to **English** to guarantee painless communication. Attached
shares localized into other languages will be removed without further notice.
Posted content that is localized in other languages and that does not count as
a regular Facebook share will be removed and topic author will be temporary
removed from the group.

Commits sent to our repositories must be localized in **English**. Commits that
are not localized in English will be rejected. Issues must be localized in
**English**. Issues that are not localized in English will be closed without
any investigation.

### Content Quality

Shares and posts to the timeline **must have a regular level of quality**.
Questions **must be researched** before being posted. The group acts as a group
to help on specific problems, not to read out documentations or querying the
web for you. You must **avoid posting large code snippets** to the timeline of
the group. We always recommend to share source code using
[nopaste service](/nopaste) to grant the best possible readability. Lengthy
source code posted to the timeline can be difficult to read, because of the
limited space on Facebook. Topics with large source code as their content will
be removed from the timeline of the group. Comments with large source code as
their content will be removed from the content stream. Repeatedly posting
lengthy source code will be punished with a permanent removal of the offending
membership(/s).

Commits sent to our repositories must be fully researched and localized into
English. There is no place for low-quality content. Low-quality content include
topics with only code *without a proper description of the problem*, unclear
photos of screens that are hard to read and job opportunity shares that don't
have a proper introduction.

### Forbidden Content

It is not allowed to post content that does not cover PHP and web-centric
development. Any violation of this rule will result in permanent removal of the
membership. Content that violates the Facebook community rules will be
forwarded to the Facebook staff.

**Job opportunities** must be PHP related and should be done in a peaceful
period. Do not post your stuff every day or every hour. Our group aims to
discussions and should not act as a job feed. Any other opportunities will be
removed. Job opportunities that encourage discrimination as outlined below under "Social Behavior" are not acceptable.

Humor and sarcasm are not encouraged because they can have different points of
reference among users.

Personal data (emails, phone numbers, WhatsApp numbers, Skype identities or
addresses in general) are explicitly not allowed in the group and will end
**in any case** with a permanent removal of your membership(/s). This includes
requests for WhatsApp numbers to form new "PHP Developers WhatsApp" groups,
regardless of if the numbers themselves are public or not.

**Hijacking topics** is not allowed. This either includes offtopic
advertisements in comments or commenting in a way that should be done by
starting a new conversation.

Exploits and hacks will be deleted and will end with a permanent removal of
your membership(/s).

You must respect licenses and other people's work. To use other people's code,
text, themes, designs and similar intellectual property, please consult with
the owners and the given licenses. Reports to the original authors will be also
made for further investigation based on the harm done. **Copyright
infringements** end with a permanent removal of the offending membership(/s)
and all related offending material(/s).

Committing any kind of the described forbidden content to our repository will
be rejected and your behavior will be alerted to the GitHub staff.

Security issues are examined and treated accordingly to the severity of the
situation. If the issue is severe the topic is removed from the public
discussion to prevent further possible damage. Project owners are notified
about it and are given time to fix it.

### Social Behavior

**You have to act social**. There is no place for harassments, bulling or
political content that does not cover web development topics. You should never
compromise or harm other members. Violating this rule will result in a
permanent removal of the offending membership(/s).

**Discrimination is not acceptable**. Discrimination on the basis of race,
gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, nationality, religion,
technology and any other arbitrary exclusion of a group of people is unwelcome.
The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
advances is not acceptable.

**You have to act peaceful**. There is no place for terrorism, recruitment
shares and social honeypots. We actively track group content and will forward
such content directly to Facebook and **international authorities**. Our main
duty is to **protect our members**.

**Handle your posts accordingly to the situation**. Don't delete your topics
once solutions were provided. Respect time of others willing to help you.
Leaving topics available in the group might also help someone as you in the
future. Topics are also visible in group search and therefore available for
people looking for existing solutions.

**Closing topics**. Topics are closed by group staff decision in a case of
non-English content, personal data shared, duplicate posts or low-quality
discussions. Closing topics on your behalf is not a welcome practice and requires
group staff decision. Instead, ask staff members to close the particular topic
for you.

**Bumping topics**. Bumping topics in order to change the post position above
the other discussions is not a welcome practice and should be always avoided.

### Disrespecting Staff Members

Insults, not following the instructions and similar disrespecting of the group
administrators and moderators result in a permanent ban.

Blocking staff members makes communication with you impossible. We must be able
to communicate with you to resolve issues, explain certain situation and give
you further instruction about posts. In such cases the other staff members may
ask you to remove the block, otherwise your membership ends in a permanent ban.
